# SAP-ECC_Sales-Order-Management
1.Lack of skilled resources - The company uses SAP ECC platform for their footwear and apparel business. They had a mandate to upgrade the old ECC system to new S/4 HANA. But due to lack of skilled resources they were unable to do so.  2.Potential Option for Data Migration from ECC to S/4 - Since the ECC system was very old, SAP is unable to provide a direct migration scripts for data migration. This has resulted a big challenge for the client. So they are looking RPA to automate the data migration by automatically fetching the records from ECC and creating the same in S/4.   Challenges (with respect to this particular process):  1. Client used to get Sales Order creation request from multiple sources.  2.Their back-office team used to collate those request in an excel sheet from reading the invoice PDF. Once the data is available, back-office user used to take input data from excel sheet and enter into SAP ECC system.  3.The whole process of creating Sales Order is time consuming and monotonous process.  4.Currently this is being done manually and takes long time to complete. 5.The whole process is error prone because lot of repetitive human action of taking data from excel and copy into ECC is there.  Analysis &amp; Solution Approach  1.One of the key process of RPA is ‘Reading config File’. Using this capability, we can take any amount of data from excel file and used for automation purpose.  2.The entire process is repeated for as many entries in excel sheet for creating the Sales Order.  3.After the process is complete, generated Sales Order number is updated in the excel file. This can be further used for reporting purpose. 4.Automation is done right from opening the SAP ECC application to finally exit. 5.We have been able to automate view and update Sales Order transaction as well.  Benefits Delivered  1.With automation, complete transaction was done in less than 2 minutes.  2.The updated Sales Order number in excel will provide direct access to view and update the order in future.  3.The complete process of creating order and updating become error free.
